Exercise 5: Add theme settings (#13)
Bixal/storybook-rapid-prototyping: stories/exercises/05-customize-theme-tokens.mdx

import { Meta, ColorPalette, ColorItem } from "@storybook/blocks";

# 05. Customize with theme tokens

> Now that we have content on our landing page, we're going look at how we can make wide sweeping changes using USWDS Design Tokens and theme settings.

Reviewer: **polish:** Trying to shorten language for plain language.

```suggestion
With content on our landing page, we're going to make sweeping changes using USWDS Design Tokens and theme settings.
```

> You can view the available theme settings by visiting the [USWDS Settings Table](https://designsystem.digital.gov/documentation/settings/#general-settings-2).

Reviewer: **polish:** Minor suggestion for clarity.

```suggestion
You can view all available theme settings by visiting the [USWDS Settings Table](https://designsystem.digital.gov/documentation/settings/#general-settings-2).
```

> Lets start by updating some of our [theme color tokens](https://designsystem.digital.gov/documentation/settings/#color-settings-2). USWDS theme color tokens are designed to be useful and effective for small and large projects.

Reviewer: **suggestion (non-blocking):** Small tweak for readability.

```suggestion
Lets start by updating some of our [theme color tokens](https://designsystem.digital.gov/documentation/settings/#color-settings-2). USWDS theme color tokens are designed to be useful and effective for any project size.
```

> 1. Pick a color palette and copy SCSS variables.

Reviewer: **polish:** For clarity.

```suggestion
1. Select either color palette (Earth tones or Oceanic)  and copy the SCSS theme settings variables.
```

>   <h2>Colors</h2>
>   <h3>Earth tones</h3>

Reviewer: **issue**: We should use markdown here. Plus, we can use `<br />` for a little more spacing.

```suggestion
  <br />
  
  ## Colors
  
  <br />
  
  ### Earth tones
```

Author: Resolved in [b78561b](https://github.com/Bixal/storybook-rapid-prototyping/pull/13/commits/b78561b80cae38c00d9de5a1dd2e882c5416f184)

    <ColorItem
      title="Primary"
      colors={{
        'green-warm-60v': '#5a6613',
        'green-warm-70v': '#4b4e10',
      }}
    />
    <ColorItem
      title="Accent"
      colors={{
        'gold-30v': '#e5a000',
      }}
    />
  </ColorPalette>

  Theme setting values

  ```scss
  $theme-color-primary: "green-warm-60v",
  $theme-color-primary-dark: "green-warm-70v",
  $theme-color-primary-darker: "green-warm-80v",
  $theme-color-base-lightest: "yellow-5v",
  $theme-color-base-lighter: "yellow-10",
  $theme-color-base-light: "yellow-30v",
  $theme-color-base-darkest: "yellow-80v",
  $theme-color-accent-cool: "gold-30v",
  ```

  <h3>Oceanic</h3>
  <ColorPalette>
    <ColorItem
      title="Base"
      subtitle="Base colors"
      colors={{
        'blue-cool-5': '#e7f2f5',
        'blue-cool-10': '#dae9ee',
        'blue-cool-30': '#82b4c9',
        'blue-cool-80': '#14333d',
      }}
    />
    <ColorItem
      title="Primary"
      colors={{
        'cyan-60': '#2a646d',
        'cyan-70v': '#0e4f5c',
      }}
    />
    <ColorItem
      title="Accent"
      colors={{
        'mint-cool-30': '#6fbab3',
      }}
    />
  </ColorPalette>

  Theme setting values

> `

Reviewer: **issue**: This backtick looks redundant.

```suggestion

```

Author: Resolved in [b78561b](https://github.com/Bixal/storybook-rapid-prototyping/pull/13/commits/b78561b80cae38c00d9de5a1dd2e882c5416f184)

>     <ColorItem
>       title="Accent"
>       colors={{
>         'gold-30v': '#e5a000',
>       }}
>     />
>   </ColorPalette>
> 
>   Theme setting values
> 
>   ```scss
>   $theme-color-primary: "green-warm-60v",
>   $theme-color-primary-dark: "green-warm-70v",
>   $theme-color-primary-darker: "green-warm-80v",
>   $theme-color-base-lightest: "yellow-5v",
>   $theme-color-base-lighter: "yellow-10",
>   $theme-color-base-light: "yellow-30v",
>   $theme-color-base-darkest: "yellow-80v",
>   $theme-color-accent-cool: "gold-30v",
>   ```
> 
>   <h3>Oceanic</h3>
>   <ColorPalette>
>     <ColorItem
>       title="Base"
>       subtitle="Base colors"
>       colors={{
>         'blue-cool-5': '#e7f2f5',
>         'blue-cool-10': '#dae9ee',
>         'blue-cool-30': '#82b4c9',
>         'blue-cool-80': '#14333d',
>       }}
>     />
>     <ColorItem
>       title="Primary"
>       colors={{
>         'cyan-60': '#2a646d',
>         'cyan-70v': '#0e4f5c',
>       }}
>     />
>     <ColorItem
>       title="Accent"
>       colors={{
>         'mint-cool-30': '#6fbab3',
>       }}
>     />
>   </ColorPalette>
> 
>   Theme setting values
> `
>   ```scss
>   $theme-color-primary: "cyan-60",
>   $theme-color-primary-dark: "cyan-70v",
>   $theme-color-primary-darker: "cyan-80v",
>   $theme-color-base-lightest: "blue-cool-5",
>   $theme-color-base-lighter: "blue-cool-10",
>   $theme-color-base-light: "blue-cool-30",
>   $theme-color-base-darkest: "blue-cool-80",
>   $theme-color-accent-cool: "mint-cool-30",
>   ```

Reviewer: **polish:** You can indent this more for a better visual.

```suggestion
      <h2>Colors</h2>
      <h3>Earth tones</h3>
      <ColorPalette>
        <ColorItem
          title="Base"
          subtitle="Base colors"
          colors={{
            'yellow-5v': '#fff5c2',
            'yellow-10': '#f5e6af',
            'yellow-30v': '#ddaa01',
            'yellow-80v': '#422d19',
          }}
        />
        <ColorItem
          title="Primary"
          colors={{
            'green-warm-60v': '#5a6613',
            'green-warm-70v': '#4b4e10',
          }}
        />
        <ColorItem
          title="Accent"
          colors={{
            'gold-30v': '#e5a000',
          }}
        />
      </ColorPalette>
    
      Theme setting values
    
      ```scss
      $theme-color-primary: "green-warm-60v",
      $theme-color-primary-dark: "green-warm-70v",
      $theme-color-primary-darker: "green-warm-80v",
      $theme-color-base-lightest: "yellow-5v",
      $theme-color-base-lighter: "yellow-10",
      $theme-color-base-light: "yellow-30v",
      $theme-color-base-darkest: "yellow-80v",
      $theme-color-accent-cool: "gold-30v",
      ```
    
      <h3>Oceanic</h3>
      <ColorPalette>
        <ColorItem
          title="Base"
          subtitle="Base colors"
          colors={{
            'blue-cool-5': '#e7f2f5',
            'blue-cool-10': '#dae9ee',
            'blue-cool-30': '#82b4c9',
            'blue-cool-80': '#14333d',
          }}
        />
        <ColorItem
          title="Primary"
          colors={{
            'cyan-60': '#2a646d',
            'cyan-70v': '#0e4f5c',
          }}
        />
        <ColorItem
          title="Accent"
          colors={{
            'mint-cool-30': '#6fbab3',
          }}
        />
      </ColorPalette>
    
      Theme setting values
    `
      ```scss
      $theme-color-primary: "cyan-60",
      $theme-color-primary-dark: "cyan-70v",
      $theme-color-primary-darker: "cyan-80v",
      $theme-color-base-lightest: "blue-cool-5",
      $theme-color-base-lighter: "blue-cool-10",
      $theme-color-base-light: "blue-cool-30",
      $theme-color-base-darkest: "blue-cool-80",
      $theme-color-accent-cool: "mint-cool-30",
      ```
```

**Results**

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ef4124de-b832-40a3-9077-330553825c52)

> 2. Visit `uswds-theme.scss`.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Using `1` will allow you to not worry about the specific step. Let's you easily move steps around or create new ones.

```suggestion
1. Visit `uswds-theme.scss`.
```

Author: Resolved in [b78561b](https://github.com/Bixal/storybook-rapid-prototyping/pull/13/commits/b78561b80cae38c00d9de5a1dd2e882c5416f184)

> 2. Uncomment the `@use 'uswds-core with (...)` section and paste the theme settings from the chosen palette between the parenthesis.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** You can combine with step above.

```suggestion
2. Open `uswds-theme.scss`. Uncomment the `@use 'uswds-core with (...)` section and paste the theme settings from the chosen palette between the parenthesis.

>     ```scss
>     @use "uswds-core" with (
>       Theme color settings go here
>     );
>     ```

Reviewer: **polish:** A comment at the top with the filename could be helpful.

```suggestion
    ```scss
    // uswds-theme.scss
    @use "uswds-core" with (
      Theme color settings go here
    );
    ```
```

4. Save and allow storybook to rebuild. Visit the landing page and view your new theme!

> 4. To showcase additional theme settings that we have available, lets update our heavy font weight and increase our border radiuses.

Reviewer: **polish:** Trying to improve readability here.

```suggestion
4. There are many diverse theme settings available. For example, lets update our heavy font weight and increase our border radiuses.
```

    ```scss
    $theme-font-weight-bold: 900,

    $theme-border-radius-sm: 1,
    $theme-border-radius-md: 2,
    $theme-border-radius-lg: 3,
    ```
6. Refresh the page and we'll see our hero heading with the increased font weights, and our rounded margins are increased throughout our components.

>     If you take a look at the search input within our header, you might have noticed the imbalanced border radius. Since our button border radius is not used on the input, we'll have to update manually. To showcase another great USWDS tool, lets add a utility class to our `input` element.

Reviewer: **suggestion (non-blocking):** Separating could help bring more attention to the task.

```suggestion
    If you take a look at the search input within our header, you might have noticed the imbalanced border radius. Since our button border radius is not used on the input, we'll have to update manually. 
    
    To showcase another great USWDS tool, lets add a utility class to our `input` element.
```

import { Meta, ColorPalette, ColorItem } from "@storybook/blocks";

# 05. Customize with theme tokens

> With content on our landing page, we're going to make sweeping changes using USWDS Design Tokens and theme settings.

Reviewer: **thought:** I've tried stayed away from possessive language like `our`, but no particular reason. Unsure about the pros/cons of either.

Author: I agree, resolved in https://github.com/Bixal/storybook-rapid-prototyping/pull/13/commits/8f254fbfa90718131c701de5ba33f0ac75c6fe8e

You can view all available theme settings by visiting the [USWDS Settings Table](https://designsystem.digital.gov/documentation/settings/#general-settings-2).

> Lets start by updating some of our [theme color tokens](https://designsystem.digital.gov/documentation/settings/#color-settings-2). USWDS theme color tokens are designed to be useful and effective for any project size.

Reviewer: **polish:** Swapping sentences could make it a good intro.

```suggestion
USWDS theme color tokens are designed to be useful and effective for any project size. Let's start by updating some of our [theme color tokens](https://designsystem.digital.gov/documentation/settings/#color-settings-2).
```

Author: Resolved in [360be53](https://github.com/Bixal/storybook-rapid-prototyping/pull/13/commits/360be53c2a7e2312574226e332e9e991700370f2)

> 1. Select either color palette (Earth tones or Oceanic)  and copy the SCSS theme settings variables.

Reviewer: **issue**: Extra space

```suggestion
1. Select either color palette (Earth tones or Oceanic) and copy the SCSS theme settings variables.
```

>       ## Colors
>       ### Earth tones

Reviewer: USWDS theme color tokens are designed to be useful and effective for any project size.

```suggestion
      ## Colors
      
      ### Earth tones
```

      <ColorPalette>
        <ColorItem
          title="Base"
          subtitle="Base colors"
          colors={{
            'yellow-5v': '#fff5c2',
            'yellow-10': '#f5e6af',
            'yellow-30v': '#ddaa01',
            'yellow-80v': '#422d19',
          }}
        />
        <ColorItem
          title="Primary"
          colors={{
            'green-warm-60v': '#5a6613',
            'green-warm-70v': '#4b4e10',
          }}
        />
        <ColorItem
          title="Accent"
          colors={{
            'gold-30v': '#e5a000',
          }}
        />
      </ColorPalette>

      Theme setting values

      ```scss
      $theme-color-primary: "green-warm-60v",
      $theme-color-primary-dark: "green-warm-70v",
      $theme-color-primary-darker: "green-warm-80v",
      $theme-color-base-lightest: "yellow-5v",
      $theme-color-base-lighter: "yellow-10",
      $theme-color-base-light: "yellow-30v",
      $theme-color-base-darkest: "yellow-80v",
      $theme-color-accent-cool: "gold-30v",
      ```

>       <h3>Oceanic</h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ### Oceanic
```

      <ColorPalette>
        <ColorItem
          title="Base"
          subtitle="Base colors"
          colors={{
            'blue-cool-5': '#e7f2f5',
            'blue-cool-10': '#dae9ee',
            'blue-cool-30': '#82b4c9',
            'blue-cool-80': '#14333d',
          }}
        />
        <ColorItem
          title="Primary"
          colors={{
            'cyan-60': '#2a646d',
            'cyan-70v': '#0e4f5c',
          }}
        />
        <ColorItem
          title="Accent"
          colors={{
            'mint-cool-30': '#6fbab3',
          }}
        />
      </ColorPalette>

      Theme setting values

      ```scss
      $theme-color-primary: "cyan-60",
      $theme-color-primary-dark: "cyan-70v",
      $theme-color-primary-darker: "cyan-80v",
      $theme-color-base-lightest: "blue-cool-5",
      $theme-color-base-lighter: "blue-cool-10",
      $theme-color-base-light: "blue-cool-30",
      $theme-color-base-darkest: "blue-cool-80",
      $theme-color-accent-cool: "mint-cool-30",
      ```

> 1. Visit `uswds-theme.scss`.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** This is also mentioned in the following step, so possibly redundant.

```suggestion

```
